docs(dreamhost): document domain setup section (#1044)
qdm12/ddns-updater: docs/dreamhost.md

- `"domain"` is the domain to update. It can be `example.com` (root domain) or `sub.example.com` (subdomain of `example.com`).
- `"ip_version"` can be `ipv4` (A records), or `ipv6` (AAAA records) or `ipv4 or ipv6` (update one of the two, depending on the public ip found). It defaults to `ipv4 or ipv6`.
- `"ipv6_suffix"` is the IPv6 interface identifier suffix to use. It can be for example `0:0:0:0:72ad:8fbb:a54e:bedd/64`. If left empty, it defaults to no suffix and the raw public IPv6 address obtained is used in the record updating.

## Domain setup

1. Login to the Dreamhost control panel and navigate to [the API key page](https://panel.dreamhost.com/?tree=home.api)
1. Generate a new API Key with a comment to describe its purpose. Add permissions ("Functions this key should have access to:") for **All dns functions**.
1. Use this API key in your ddns-updater config.json file.

> 1. Confirm your domain's DNS records already as an **A** name custom record established in the Dreamhost control panel. If no A name is listed, ddns-updater will fail with error "no_such_zone."

Reviewer: removing since ddns-updater should not fail in this case, and, if it does, that's a bug

```suggestion
```

- `"ipv6_suffix"` is the IPv6 interface identifier suffix to use. It can be for example `0:0:0:0:72ad:8fbb:a54e:bedd/64`. If left empty, it defaults to no suffix and the raw public IPv6 address obtained is used in the record updating.

## Domain setup

> 1. Login to the Dreamhost control panel and navigate to the API key page. https://panel.dreamhost.com/?tree=home.api

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Login to the Dreamhost control panel and navigate to [the API key page](https://panel.dreamhost.com/?tree=home.api)
```

> 2. Generate a new API Key with a comment to describe its purpose. Add permissions("Functions this key should have access to:") for **All dns functions**.

Reviewer: Please use 1. Always. Github markdown is smart to increment it by itself. Otherwise it involves changing numbers on every change

Author: Ah! I didn't realize that was a feature, not a bug ;) Fixed.

> 1. Generate a new API Key with a comment to describe its purpose. Add permissions("Functions this key should have access to:") for **All dns functions**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Generate a new API Key with a comment to describe its purpose. Add permissions ("Functions this key should have access to:") for **All dns functions**.
```

> 1. Add your key to your configuration settings for ddns-updater (config.json).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Use this API key in your ddns-updater config.json file.
```

> 1. Confirm your domain's DNS records already as an **A** name custom record established in the Dreamhost control panel. If no A name is listed, ddns-updater will fail with error "no_such_zone."

Reviewer: ddns-updater should create the record if it does not exist

https://github.com/qdm12/ddns-updater/blob/e8af2696601e6792d8dc10e85bee391994681add/internal/provider/providers/dreamhost/provider.go#L136

If you can figure out how to trigger this error "no_such_zone" and report the exact error log, that would help! 😉 I can probably update the code to create whatever is needed if necessary.
